Is that Xu Feng?
I am awake
Do you have time now?
I want you to save my father's life
Where is the Karl Hotel?
I'll be there later
Isn't this Uncle Song's daughter Songqin?
I wonder who he is waiting for
What's up with the other party?
Let him wait here alone
I heard that the son of the Zhao family is getting married today
The wedding took place here
I'm still waiting for the Zhao family
It is possible that the Zhao family is a wealthy family after all
Li Ying give some face
Miss
I think that kid is out of luck
Just saved me
Live in your hometown
Why wait for that brat?
Uncle Ming
My father has been rejected by hospitals all over the city
Now waiting for help in the lounge
What? Why is it so serious?